Learning goals (#20)
MIT-Emerging-Talent/ET6-foundations-group-24: collaboration/learning_goals.md

# Learning Goals

- Gain a solid understanding of collaborative and individual coding workflows using Git and GitHub. 🛠️  
- Develop the ability to provide and apply constructive feedback in code reviews. 💬  
- Enhance skills in writing clean, tested, and well-documented code. ✍️  

## Collective Goals 🌟

### Master Collaborative Git Workflows 🚀  

- Push markdown files and solutions to repositories following best practices. 📂  
- Manage pull requests, resolve conflicts, and adhere to team agreements🔄  

### Foster a Supportive Team Environment 🤝  

- Communicate constructively and provide actionable feedback to team members. 🗣️  
- Promote a culture of collaboration and shared learning to boost overall team performance. 🌱  

### Conduct Peer Code Reviews 👀  

- Review team members’ code solutions for quality, functionality, and adherence to standards. ✔️  
- Execute tests and debugging processes to identify issues and discuss improvements effectively. 🐞  

## Individual Goals 🎯

> 

Reviewer: You did a great job adding these points. **One suggestion** I have is to include a point about adopting TDD when writing code as this could help ensure more accurate tests and reduce the chances of bugs.

Author: Thank you @linahKhayri. Added.

# Learning Goals

- Gain a solid understanding of collaborative and individual coding workflows using Git and GitHub. 🛠️  
- Develop the ability to provide and apply constructive feedback in code reviews. 💬  
- Enhance skills in writing clean, tested, and well-documented code. ✍️  

## Collective Goals 🌟

### Master Collaborative Git Workflows 🚀  

> - Push markdown files and solutions to repositories following best practices. 📂  
> - Manage pull requests, resolve conflicts, and adhere to team agreements🔄  

Reviewer 2: I think it might be helpful to elaborate bit more on these lines, Im suggesting these down below:

```suggestion
### Push Markdown Files and Solutions📂:
- Learn how to organize and structure Markdown files effectively for documentation📝.
- Practice pushing your work to the repository following best practices, such as clear commit messages and proper folder structures✅.

### Manage Pull Requests🔀:
- Create pull requests to propose changes to the main repository📤.
- Review and respond to feedback on your pull requests💬.

### Resolve Merge Conflicts⚔️:
- Understand why merge conflicts occur and how to resolve them using Git tools🤔.
- Learn techniques to minimize the likelihood of conflicts, such as pulling the latest changes before committing🔄.

### Follow Team Agreements🤝:
- Adhere to guidelines, conventions and norms/rules set by the team, naming branches for example📋.
- Collaborate effectively while respecting team decisions and workflows🌟.
```
